Remove hard quotas, mention fair-use policy (#472)
SovereignCloudStack/standards: Standards/scs-0104-v1-standard-images.md

## Uploading custom images

> Image upload via Glance MUST be allowed on a fair-use basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Image upload via Glance MUST be allowed based on a fair-use policy.
```
